[dramatic music]
DAN (VOICEOVER): [inaudible] returned to Earth
after defeating [inaudible].
A whole lot of has happened.
The most exciting thing's that Bakugan Interspace finally
went online globally, allowing kids from all over the world
to show their battling skills to save the friendly environment.
Unfortunately, it seems like not everyone wants
this virtual realm to remain happy and free,
a mysterious evil force from another world
has infiltrated Bakugan inner space
and is trying to take over.
OK, buddy.
Let's do this.
All right, Bakugan roll
[theme music]
THEME SONG: What are you going to do?
The odds stacked against you.
Back against the wall.
Got to give it your all.
This is the final stand.
The power's in your hand.
Two world's collide on the inside.
You got to fight for what's right
before it's gone, gone, gone.
This is Bakugan.
Nurzak, were you successful in finding the source
of the dimensional disturbance?
As per your orders, Emperor Barodius,
I immediately began my search.
And it led me to a virtual gaming interface
on the planet Earth known as Bakugan Interspace.
During a recent battle, the energy exerted by the two
combatants caused an explosion.
The fallout from this extended all the way to our world.
That was by some powerful Bakugan
if they created an explosion so big that it rocked our world.
There's nothing funny about this, Stoica.
Perhaps you should take things seriously for once.
This could affect us greatly.
Oh, relax.
Kazarina, what do you have to say?
As the director of the Bakugan Biology lab,
what's your opinion?
Well, Stoica has a point about how powerful the Bakugan
who created the explosion was.
Unfortunately, none of my research
has demonstrated that such a mighty creature even exists.
Well, well, well, something about the Bakugan
that the brilliant Kazarina doesn't know.
Ugh.
Yes.
Well, whatever the case may be.
We need to be sure, Gill.
Sire.
If this mighty Bakugan does exist, we cannot afford to have
him join our enemy side.
Get word to our agents on Earth that we
want this Bakugan identified and brought into our stable.
Of course.
Yes, sir, as you command.
NARRATOR: The Bakugan Battle Brawlers in Revelation.
[whistle] [upbeat music]
CHEERLEADERS: Hey, ho!
Let's go!
Hey, ho!
Uh.
I'm not crazy.
What I saw wasn't a dream.
Destroy the enemy Bakugan.
All forces at [inaudible].
Dan.
What?
You've been sitting here like a zombie all afternoon.
Are you OK?
You do seem out of it, Dan.
You daydreaming more about the warring Bakugan?
Why would you be daydreaming about that?
I wasn't.
What I saw-- it was the real thing.
I swear it.
MARUCHO: Running Bakugan Interspace
is really wiped me out.
I slept like a log last night.
How will you?
Yep.
So, um, I was thinking after breakfast,
we could have a look at the system
to make sure we fixed all the damage.
I'm pretty sure we're good.
But I think that--
Sure.
Is everything all right with you, sir?
Uh?
Yes, I'm fine.
Thank you.
MARUCHO: You seem distracted, Ren.
Talk to me.
Huh?
You and I are responsible for Bakugan Interspace.
We're partners.
If there's something wrong, please tell me.
I'm here for you.
Are you listening, Ren?
Please excuse me.
I'll leave you gentlemen to your discussion.
Actually I've been thinking about the vision
that Dan has been having.
I'm worried too.
He keeps talking about them like they're real.
I think the explosion did a number on him.
Well, I actually do know something about his visions.
But first I must confess.
Go on.
You were saying?
It's me.
Tell me.
I am not really from this planet.
I am actually--
An alien?
Are you serious?
Dan, the man, it's not that I don't want to believe you.
But I was there.
You were only out a few seconds.
What else could it have been but a dream?
That's great, Jake.
You think I'm crazy too.
No.
It's not what I'm saying.
[phone beeping]
It's the Brawlers Emergency beacon.
It's coming from Marucho.
Come on, let's go.
[harmonious music]
[phone beeping]
[upbeat music]
ANDROID: Primary circulation.
Switching to syncro translation.
Activate.
We got the call.
What's up?
Is everything OK?
It is.
We should go to my office to talk.
What did you say?
An alien?
I'm sorry to have to spring the news on you.
I'll understand if you're mad.
But for now we have more pressing issues.
We're listening.
So let's have it.
I come from the planet in a distant dimension
called Gundalia.
Much like you humans here on Earth,
we existed peacefully with our Bakugan.
But then one day, a hostile tribe
called the Neathians invaded our planet using their Bakugan.
I'm pretty sure that Dan's visions of warring Bakugan
were coming from my world.
The explosion from Drago and Linehalt's battle
must have caused some kind of distortion,
which allowed Dan's mind to travel
there in its unconscious state.
So the legends are true.
I remember hearing the stories when I was young.
But thought they were just fables.
A long time ago when the core of [inaudible] split
and it became the world of the six attributes.
The enormous energy created is said to have blown some Bakugan
to another dimension.
Even if all this stuff is true.
It doesn't explain what you're doing on Earth.
The Neathian Bakugan were trained as soldiers from birth,
whereas the Bakugan on Gundalia were raised in an atmosphere
of peace and calm.
Because of that we lacked the skills
to evenly match them in battle.
Our peaceful existence has been attacked by these Neathians.
And our very freedom is at stake.
I, too, heard the legends but in reverse of Bakugan
existing elsewhere.
I also learned of the mighty warriors known
as the Bakugan Battle Brawlers.
Yeah.
So now I suppose you want our help.
But why should we believe you?
Perhaps you'd like to see the cities on my planet
that have been left in ruins.
Or maybe I could show you the Neathian moles who have already
infiltrated Bakugan Interspace,
Moles, like sleeper agents?
What do they want?
The same thing I do of course.
To recruit the Battle Brawlers to their side
so they can crush their enemies once and for all.
BI is not for war!
I understand.
We never asked to be attacked.
And we'd like the fighting to be over
as soon as possible, which is why I'm coming to you,
Brawlers.
So please, will you help me?
I'm fed up with people using the Bakugan for evil reasons.
Ja, we can't let these Neathian
creeps get away with this.
They Infiltrating Bakugan Interspace, which
is meant for peaceful purposes.
They're going to pay for that.
Yeah.
We have to protect the kids inside.
OK.
It's unanimous.
We're in.
You can count on us.
Everything's going to plan, Linehalt.
Time for another round of good versus evil, Drago.
OK, then.
Thank you for agreeing to help out.
Gundalia's in your debt.
I've managed to identify two sleeper agents.
They are Sid are chaos and Lena Isis.
- So what do you think of this? - Yeah.
Yeah. I'd like turtles.
Hey. You two nose wipes--
Huh?
How about taking us on in battle?
Just a little friendly brawl.
You want to?
Huh? What?
You need permission from your mothers?
Give us an answer!
[screaming]
Could you have been any more menacing?
MARUCHO: Excuse me, guys.
Huh?
Any chance you two are Sid and Lena?
Depends on who's asking.
We are, the Battle Brawlers.
Uh, technically I'm just a Brawler in training.
Great.
Now that we're well acquainted with each other.
How about you tell us what you want.
We heard you two were looking to battle.
So we're here to grant you your wish.
Bakugan Interspace is for gaming, not war.
I won't let you Neathians exploit it for those purposes.
Easy now.
We're just here to have fun.
Since you guys like secrecy so much.
I got us a private arena to do battling.
We can go full on in here, no holds barred.
That's just how we like it.
So which two rodents are going to take us on?
Huh!
That'll be me and--
Me.
So get ready to be taken down.
ANNOUNCER: Bakugan battle will commence with Dan and Marucho
facing off against Sid and Lena.
The Bakugan to field is open.
I'll get this party started.
Bakugan [inaudible].
Bakugans roll.
Bakugans stand.
Rise Pyrus Rubanoid.
Heads up, Drago.
Bakugan roll.
Bakugan stand.
Go Pyrus Helix Dragonoid.
He doesn't look so tough.
Ability activate!
[inaudible]
Whoa!
Ability activate!
[inaudible] deeper.
Enough of this ballet nonsense Ability activate!
Burning reflector.
Bakugan double ability activate!
Galactic dragon!
[inaudible] ability activate.
Dragon impulse
Looks like your attacks have a little tick to them.
What? Whoa!
That one can talk.
That means he's not a digital clone then.
Remember the Neathians use real Bakugan in battle.
They're from the same lineage as Drago.
Wow, that's pretty cool.
Real or digital, Drago will win this battle.
OK.
It's my urn now.
Bakugan roll.
Bakugan stand.
Come on, [inaudible] mode.
Based on my initial analysis, I predict a win for my side.
Bakugan roll.
Bakugan stand.
Rise Auqos Phosphos.
Wow, that thing totally creeps me out, dude.
Ability activate!
[inaudible]
Drago!
My body's going numb.
You've been stung Phosphos's paralysis venom.
Drago can't activate any abilities now.
Man!
Sit tight, Dan.
I've got it.
Ability activate!
[inaudible]
Awesome.
He nullified her ability.
Not only that, Drago and Aquos Phosphos power levels went up.
Hmm, yeah, big deal.
[inaudible] combat.
Enemy down.
He brought my power level down.
Don't sweat, Dan.
I've got a good plan.
Ability activate.
Ninja erasure.
Thanks a lot, Marucho.
Ability active.
Galactic dragon.
Ability activate.
Mirage field.
Try getting one of your attacks through now, Drago.
It's hopeless.
Here we go, Phosphos.
Ability activate.
Gorgon Viper.
You ever heard saying, that seven
heads are better than one.
Whoa!
And I thought the last guy was creepy.
Oh the venom again.
Uh!
No!
Akwimos1
Don't worry, Drago.
We won't leave you out.
Drago!
It's too late, Drago.
soon the venom will travel throughout your body.
So that all that's left for you is the end.
[screaming]
This is bad.
Everything's going hazy.
Drago!
Hang on.
Dan better think of something fast
or it's lights out for Drago.
The big oaf is right.
How is he going to get out of this one?
Come on, think.
For every problem, there is a solution.
For every-- of course, how could I miss that?
ANDROID: Ready.
Inject port.
Battle care boost!
What?
He was able to launch his battle gear.
You guys forgot one thing.
You may have frozen Drago's lower half.
But my battle gear mounts on top.
Battle gear ability activate.
Jet core [inaudible]
So much for that strategy.
This is going to hurt.
That's right.
That's how we roll.
That is some heavy firepower.
Indeed.
ANDROID: Sid and Lena life force, 80%.
That's it.
Dan, the man, for the win.
[inaudible] set.
Yah!
Bakugan roll.
Ability activate.
Gorgon Viper.
Oh, man.
She pulled up the venom attack again.
After seeing how well it's worked
on Akwimos the last time.
It would have been foolish not to.
ANDROID: Marucho life force, 0.
Oh, no.
I can't believe they beat us.
But why?
He knew about the venom.
Most Brawlers would vary their method of attack in battle.
She, however, stayed with one.
It faked him out.
Ability activate.
Jewel-thiefer.
Spinning wall.
This is fun.
Keep it up, you'll laughing guy.
That's pretty tough talk considering
you're down a brawling partner, not to mention, on the ropes
yourself.
Lena, no more talk, OK?
All right, very well then.
ANDROID: Ready.
Deftagon.
Ready.
Terrorcrast.
Ready whatever gear you want.
It doesn't matter.
You're going down, suckers.
Get ready to hurt.
ANDROID: Ready jet core.
ALL: Battle gear [inaudible].
[upbeat music]
Battle gear ability activate.
Deftagon gear wait for.
I can't move.
[screaming]
Drago!
I'm not done yet.
Battle gear ability activate.
Terrorcrast threat.
This is the end.
Victory is ours now.
Really?
Are you sure?
Think again, punks.
Game card open.
Capacity booster!
What?
Their power levels return to base level.
Why won't he go down?
I don't get it.
Maybe it's because I've been in hundreds of battles
and have faced far tougher opponents than you.
Perhaps, you forgot that I'm Pyrus Helix Dragonoid.
That's right.
I should explain something else to you guys.
The command card also increases the power
of Drago's battle gear.
What?
That means that--
He's going to activate level two classibility.
You're ready, Drago?
Absolutely.
Battle gear ability activate!
Jet core flame impact.
Target locked on.
Fire!
ANDROID: Sid and Lena life force, 0.
ANNOUNCER: Winner of the battle, Dan and Marucho.
Yeah!
Oh, that's right!
You did it, Dan.
Way to go!
Thank you for the exciting battle gentlemen.
Yeah.
It was real educational.
All right, come on, Rubanoid.
Time to go, friend.
Guys!
Dan, the man, delivers a body slam.
Dude, what did I tell you about the rhyming?
Ren, those two battlers aren't the only moles from Neathian
are they? - No.
I highly doubt it. - Huh.
Who cares.
I'll take 1,000 of them on.
Whatever, they're no match for the Battle Brawler.
Well, Dan Kuso, your strength, ingenuity,
and finesse in battle are all very impressive.
You are indeed a most powerful brawler.
However, you're still not number one.
Oh, man, what a day.
I totally slept through my alarm, which
means that I'm going to be late for my meeting
with the other Brawlers.
Marucho is going to be mad.
But what does he expect?
Who schedules a meeting on a Saturday morning?
If everyone stays out of my way.
I should be go-- whoa! Hey!
Who's that cutie?
Look out.
Did you see that?
She trough me like I was a Bakugan Brawler.
That was totally out of line.
Somebody better teach this chick some manners.
Bakugan roll!
Sweetness
[theme music]